# 오픽 기출유형 특강
## [오픽 기출유형특강 IM에서 AL 되는 만능 표현 10개! 해커스오픽 클라라](https://youtu.be/bfnBVLmUdxE)

1. (Favorite Description)You indicated in the survey that you like to go to the park. Describe your favorite park in as much detail as possible. What makes it so special?  
 - My (favorite/number one) A is B
 - It's close to my house.
 - The atmosphere is A
 - Admire the view

2. (Routine Descrition) How often do you go to the park? Who do you usually go with? What do you like to do? Tell me in as much detail as possible  
 - I usually go to a park once a week. Whenever I am stressed out.
 - I go with my friends or family but when there are busy, I go there by myself.  

3. (Past Descrition) Please tell me about a time something interesting or unexpected happened at the park. Where and when did it occur? What were you doing at the time?
 - As far as I can remember
 - I had a (memorable/unforgetable) experience while -ing
 - I couldn't believe my eyes!
 - It was once-in-a-lifetime experience.

[오픽(OPIC) 기출유형특강 2탄! 해커스오픽 클라라 - 오픽 모의고사 | 오픽인강 오픽 무료 인강 오픽시험 오픽AL 오픽독학 오픽 자기소개](https://youtu.be/GZKR40RgW3k)
Q1. (General Description)I'd like to hear about the place you live in. What does your home look like? Does it have many rooms? Please describe using many details.
 - My house is an apartment in OOO.
 - It has two rooms and one bathroom.
 - The biggest room in my house is children's room.
 - It has a baby bed, closet and so on.
 - I think my house is my number one place.  
  
Q2. (Past) Have you made any changes to your house within the last few years? If so, what kinds of changes have you made to your home? Are you satisfied with the changes?
 - 변화를 3개정도 말하면 스크립트가 길어질 수 있다.
 - There have been a lot of changes in my house.
 - Our family recently moved into a new house.
 - (C 1)Before we moved in, I wallpapered all the rooms.
 - (R 1)The rooms are much brighter now.
 - (C 2)I also changed the curtains in the living room and the master bedroom.
 - (R 2)It made the rooms look much neater.
 - (C3)Moreover, I bought a bigger TV last year.
 - (R3)With its realistic color, we enjoy watching TV more often.
 - (Conclustion)I am very satisfied with the changes **I made to my hosue.**

Q3. It is very important for a family to spend time together. When and how often do you spend time with your family? What do you usually do with your family?
 - Spending time with my family **has always been** **the highlight of my life**. 
 - But the thing is... we are usually **tied up with** work during the week.
 - So, weekends are the **only time for us** to get together.
 - **As a matter of fact(in fact)**, we normally **catch up with** house chores together on weekends, and each of us has different **responsibilities**.
 - For example, I vacuum the house while my wife does the laundry and takes out the garbage.
 - After our housework is done, we have dinner together.
 - Having dinner together is the only chance to talk about our day and current events.
 - Spending time with my family **allosw me to loosen up my mind and body**.
 - Thus I try to **enjoy every second of it**.


[play list](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZKR40RgW3k&list=RDLVGZKR40RgW3k&start_radio=1&rv=GZKR40RgW3k&t=1267)
## Dictionary
[Admire](https://en.dict.naver.com/#/entry/enko/445c05a9e7274da09cd6911bbaacaf02)
 - 존경하다, 칭찬하다, 감탄하며 바라보다
[Neater]
## TIPS
 - Life-saver 문장  
  I am so sorry Eva but I really do not know much about this. I will answer more in my next question.

