# [오픽 독학러라면 필수시청!! 딱 10시간만 공부하고 오픽 AL 받아봅시다!! 오픽 기출문제 모음zipㅣ해커스오픽 클라라](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcGILR6X7y4)

## **[1] Q10 You indicated in the survey that you like to go to a park. Compare the activities that children do at the park with the activities adults do at the park. How are they similar or different? Give as many details as possible.** 
**umm.. wow, this question is really difficult and I haven't thougt about it but I will try my best to answer**. Both adults and kids really enjoy the beautiful view and fresh air at the park, but **I think there are so many diffences between** what kids and adults do at the park. **I mean**, adults including myself are tired **every single day** so we just want to **chill out**. Stuffs we do include **soaking up the sunlight**, having lunch by the water and of cource having chicken and beer. (It's the best combination right?) What kids do at the park are **totally different**. They are like little monsters! They **run around, play hide and seek**! They never get tired! I sometiems want to have the energy that kids have! **Anyways, I think these are the differences between** what kids and adults do at the park.

## **[2] Q11 I would like to know about one of the issues parks are faced with. What is the biggest problem and what needs to be done to solve this problem? Tell me about it in detail.**
**I think one major issue we are facing right now is** COVID-19. We all know COVID-19 is a very serious pandaemic and **social distancing** is the key to prevent COVID-19. So the **goverment has made some regulations on** the number of people gathering **at the same time**. But since it's not easy to monitor people 24/7, there are so many young people gathering **late at night(early in the morning)**. It's **overcrowded** and **it's obvious that** many people gathering at the same time is not helping the situation. I really want people to keep social distancing so that COVID-19 ends **in the near future**.

## **[3] Q10 You indicated in the survey that you take domestic trips. Tell me bout a city that you often visit. What does it look like and what do you usually[^1] do there? Who do you go with? Give me all the details.**
**Needless to say**, my **number one place** to travel is Busan. I usually go there once a year to **refresh my mind** from **the hustle and bustle of life**. My friend, Erin usually joins me when I go. **Before going on a trip**, I usually **search information online** and **read every single line of it** to be **fully prepared**. During the trip, we do various activites to **make the most of** our trip.  
We first go to Haeundae Beach. **It's good for a change of air** to enjoy **the breathtaking scenery** and fresh air. After **hanging out** for several hours, we go to a nearby restaurant to **have local food**. The taste of raw fish and pork dishes is always far **beyond my expectations**. Visiting Busan is **such a priceless experience**. Thus I try to **enjoy every second of it**!

## **[4] Q11 Before you travel, what do you usually prepare for your tip? What things do you include in your luggage? Please talk about the things you need to do before going on a trip.**
**I am a light packer** when I travel. **There are several steps I take when** preparing for a trip. **The most important step is** to **make a list of** things I need to take. **This list includes** my wallet, cellphone, cellphone charger, toileties and sunglasses. **It's a piesce of cake** to decide what to pack.  
But*it's a different story when it comes to clothes. I need to **check the local weatehr** before deciding **what to take**. If it's winter there, I take my **long underwear** and **outerwear(jumper)**. **Oh, and of cource**, **it's a must** to take my passport and airplane ticket. With these items, **I feel like** I am fully prepared!

## **[5] Q10 In your background, you indicated that you like to jog. How ofen do you usually go jogging? Where do you like to go? Please describe your routine in detail.**
**I normally** go jogging(hiking) **once a week**. I also go whenever I am **stressed out**. I usually go with my friends fo family but when they are busy I go there by myself. When I **get there**, I **jog for an hour**. It helps me **feel refreshed** and then, I sit down on a bench and **admire the view**.  
**After that** I eat! At a convenience store, I can buy chicken, beer **and so on**! Having chicken and beer after jogging is **is a best thing to do**! I think jogging **is a great stress reliever**.

## **[6] Q11 As a jogger, what items do you use or wear when you go jogging? What safety precautions do you take to avoid injury?**
**I take several things when** I go jogging. First, I take my cellphone. Jogging while listening to music helps me be more active. Oh. and a water bottel **is a must** when I jog. [I drink water whenever I am thirsty.] **I wear** a track suit and running shoes.  
**As for safety precautions**, I do a lot of stretching. **Oh, and I make sure to watch out for** cyclists(bike rider) because it is sometimes dangerous.

## **[7] Q12 You indicated in the survey that you like walking. Why do you walk? How does waling make you feel?**
**There are several reasons why I like** walking. **well**.. walking helps my blood circulation and it also gives me time to **meditate**. **Therer is another important reason**. **I believe that** it's a good way to **stay fit**. (I love walking)

## **[8] Q10 (past tense routine)You indicated in the survey that you like to stay at home during your vacations. What kind of activities did you do during your last home vacation and when  was it? Describe what you did in detail.**
My last **stay-at-home vacation was a couple of weeks ago**. It was a **week-long vacation**. Right before the vacation, I was really **tied up with work** so I desperately wanted to **kick back and relax**. Since I didn't want to anything productive, I first **slept in** till noon and became **a couch potato** for a few days. **I felt like a million dollars** while watching TV with beers.  
**Then** I met my friends to **catch up with each other**. We couldn't get together for a long time so we taled **for hours and hours**. **My friends are good listners and know every single thing about me so it was very comfortable sharing what happend**. Before the vacation, I was really **worn out** so I spent every second of my last vacation relaxing. To me, my last **stay-at-home** vacation was the best vacation ever!

## **[9] Q11 These days, many people prefer to stay at home for vacations rather than going on a trip. What do you think the reasons are? Which one do you prefer and why? Please tell me in detail.**
These days, many people prefer to **stay at home during vacations** than **going on a trip**. I believe that **there are several reasons for their preference**. **To start with**, it's a busy life for everyone and people interact with other people 24/7 so they somethimes want to be alone and **collect their thoughts**. **It's good for a change of air** to stay at home. After resting for a few days, their worries are gone and they **feel refreshed**.  
What's more,the **rapid advances** in technology has allowed people to do various activities they couldn't do before. For example,they can search and download movies and TV shows online and watch them anytime they want. Being couch potato and **catching up on(with)** the TV programs are good ways to **let off some steam**.  
**I personally prefer** to stay at home during my vacation because I'm livig on a tight budget these days. **I am broke** so I've been **tightening my purse strings on every possible thing**. **I can't affot to** go abroad. But I believe what's really impornt is how they(I) spend their(my) vacation not where they(I) spend it!

## **[10] Q12 Please explain how people usually spend their vactaions in your country. How did it change from the past to now? Are people vacattioning in different ways? Compare how people in your country spent thier vacations in the past and how the ways have changed over the years.**
umm..This quiestion is very difficult but I will try my best to answer. I think people used to **spend their vacations** **according to** their personal preference. Some **went abroad** for travelling while others enjoyed a **homecations**. But **everything has totally changed** because of **the COVID-19** pandemic.  
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, many people preferred to go abroad for travelling. **It was a trend** for many young Koreans an families as well. They were able to **try out** different culture, visit tourist's attractions and **widen** the viewpoint of the world through travelling.  
But after the COVID-19 pandemic, we can no longer travel abroad. **In fact**, we can barely **have gatherings** and eat out. So **without a choice**, people have to stay at home for(during) their vacation. I **personllay** think this is the biggest change **in how** poeple spend their vacations **from the past to now**.

https://youtu.be/ZcGILR6X7y4?t=5276

## [TIP]
[1] If there is "usually" in the question, answer using present tense.  
[2] Seperate the topics in the answer. For example, in a trip question, it's better to talk about the preparation, activities, foods in the trip.

## Dictionary
 * toiletries 세면도구
 * it's a piece of cake 너무 쉬운 일이다. 누워서 떡먹기
 * freezing cold outside.
 * fit 탄탄함, fit body 탄탄한 몸, stay fit 건강 유지하기
 * To start with 시작으로는 첫 번째로
 * let off some steam, relieve their stress