# [오픽 독학러라면 필수시청!! 딱 10시간만 공부하고 오픽 AL 받아봅시다!! 오픽 기출문제 모음zipㅣ해커스오픽 클라라](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcGILR6X7y4)

[다음강의 >>](https://github.com/nacl1119/nacl1119.github.io/blob/main/1.%20Personal/6.%20OPIc/01.%2Hackers_10H/01.%20Lecture02.md)

## [**[1] Q10 You indicated in the survey that you like to go to a park. Compare the activities that children do at the park with the activities adults do at the park. How are they similar or different? Give as many details as possible.**](https://youtu.be/ZcGILR6X7y4?t=70) 
**umm.. wow, this question is really difficult and I haven't thougt about it but I will try my best to answer**. Both adults and kids really enjoy the beautiful view and fresh air at the park, but **I think there are so many diffences between** what kids and adults do at the park. **I mean**, adults including myself are tired **every single day** so we just want to **chill out**. Stuffs we do include **soaking up the sunlight**, having lunch by the water and of cource having chicken and beer. (It's the best combination right?) What kids do at the park are **totally different**. They are like little monsters! They **run around, play hide and seek**! They never get tired! I sometiems want to have the energy that kids have! **Anyways, I think these are the differences between** what kids and adults do at the park.

## [**[2] Q11 I would like to know about one of the issues parks are faced with. What is the biggest problem and what needs to be done to solve this problem? Tell me about it in detail.**](https://youtu.be/ZcGILR6X7y4?t=409)
**I think one major issue we are facing right now is** COVID-19. We all know COVID-19 is a very serious pandaemic and **social distancing** is the key to prevent COVID-19. So the **goverment has made some regulations on** the number of people gathering **at the same time**. But since it's not easy to monitor people 24/7, there are so many young people gathering **late at night(early in the morning)**. It's **overcrowded** and **it's obvious that** many people gathering at the same time is not helping the situation. I really want people to keep social distancing so that COVID-19 ends **in the near future**.

[다음강의 >>](https://github.com/nacl1119/nacl1119.github.io/blob/main/1.%20Personal/6.%20OPIc/01.%2Hackers_10H/01.%20Lecture02.md)


## [TIP]
[1] If there is "usually" in the question, answer using present tense.  
[2] Seperate the topics in the answer. For example, in a trip question, it's better to talk about the preparation, activities, foods in the trip.

## Dictionary
 * toiletries 세면도구
 * it's a piece of cake 너무 쉬운 일이다. 누워서 떡먹기
 * freezing cold outside.
 * fit 탄탄함, fit body 탄탄한 몸, stay fit 건강 유지하기
 * To start with 시작으로는 첫 번째로
 * let off some steam, relieve their stress
 * adore 격하게 아끼다. 아주 좋아하다.
 * as far as ~하는한. as far as I remember, as far as I know